# Skipping-Stone
A choose-your-own-adventure story, with interactivity and page transformations powered by Js and CSS.

The initial thread of the story has decisions which lead to either dead-ends (death) or continuation of the story. Then the story branches to 2, then 4 parallel paths. Each path will have a death ending, and a revert ending. Reverts send the reader pack in time (will scroll back up to the proper point of the narrative and revert subsequent paths), revert the page styling, change some of the clues dropped in the narrative, and allow the reader to try again. the good ending is hidden, but narrative and visual clues will point the way. Reset button is currently at the bottom of the page, but it's going to be taken away, and placed at the bottom of each death ending. readers don't get to go backwards unless they reach an ending.

Background images are one of the major transformations in this page. Current packground images are placeholders, and far too large. Final images will be smaller resolution pobably 1024x768, landscape) with the important subject matter in the middle vertical third. Background image positioning is set to "cover" so keeping the subject matter to the middle will ensure readers get a good view on handheld devices held vertically. **Important:** early drafts showed that background image files must all be of the exact same resolution. Images fade gradually from one to the other, and the images judder about during transformation if they're not the same size.

My intention is for transformations to happen slowly, sliding in subtly while the reader reads. Don't want to distract from the story. But this gets all gunked up with the current reset programs. Reset needs to happen quickly, with the transformations happening swiftly, but smoothly. There's a way t do this, better than what I have currently. I'll get there. Probably just need o code the transformation animation speed into each Js function.
